Grandma is here slightly, sit down
I heard everything that happened at the company yesterday.
Make you feel wronged
I have asked someone to investigate this matter clearly.
The public relations department will send you a clarification announcement in a few days.
Grandma thank you
Please make a special trip to the company for this matter.
I have something else to do today
I would like to hear your opinion.
What do you think of Ben-hyun?
Lee is always good
As a leader
He cares about his subordinates
Possessing high organizational and leadership skills
And I'm not talking about leadership, I'm talking about leadership.
Grandma, I have nothing but respect for Mr. Li
Nothing out of place.
I think you two are a good fit.
grandma
I don't want to be the third party who meddles in other people's feelings
If you have nothing else to do
I'll get busy first
old lady
Don't you serve Mr. Li and Miss Lin?
Or do you want to send its snow through the door?
Will not let Song Jixian
The door to the house
Obviously, I only have the respect for the leader of Mr. Li
But why did he refuse to be his wife?
Will be so sad
Hello miss ming
Your grandmother's heart condition suddenly worsened
Please come to the hospital quickly.